Upgrade Vagrant to Debian 10 buster (#61)
freifunk-saar/ff-node-monitor: README.md

vagrant up ff-service
```

> If you want to send out emails configure [msmtp](https://wiki.debian.org/msmtp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to send out emails, one easy option is [msmtp](https://wiki.debian.org/msmtp).
```
